Example of git-based dependency for development (#468)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_integration_manifest.md

hass --skip-pip
```

> Finally, it is also possible to use a valid any public git repository to install a requirement.  This can be useful, for example, to test changes to a requirement dependency before it's been published to Pypi.  For example,`["git+https://github.com/issacg/pycoolmaster.git@except_connect#pycoolmaster==0.2.2-dev.10002"]` will install the `except_connect` branch of the `pycoolmaster` library as version `0.2.2-dev.10002` directly from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to use a public git repository to install a requirement.  This can be useful, for example, to test changes to a requirement dependency before it's been published to PyPI. The following example will install the `except_connect` branch of the `pycoolmaster` library directly from GitHub unless version `0.2.2` is currently installed:

```json
{
  "requirements": ["git+https://github.com/issacg/pycoolmaster.git@except_connect#pycoolmaster==0.2.2"]
}
```
